{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs28 Digital Paintball Mark Two Design Documentation Revised: 12/17/2003\f1\fs20\par
\b0\par
\b Digital Paintball Mark Two, summaries:\b0\par
\par
\tab Digital Paintball Mark Two will be the culmination of the Digital Paintball Team's efforts to create a fun, yet realistic paintball game. There will be four entirely separate modes of play: Single-player Career mode, Single-player Recreational, Multiplayer Walk-ons (as in speedball/hyper ball), and Multiplayer Recreational. Digital Paintball Mark Two will encompass everything paintball, which includes a broad range of products, including markers, clothing, paintballs etc.\par
\par
Digital Paintball is a modification for the first person shooter half-life. DPB changes the way that half-life looks and acts to simulate tournament paintball play. While not as good as it could have been, DPB has been acclaimed to be one of the best paintball games ever created.\par
\par
As Digital Paintball did not really have a storyline, Digital Paintball Mark Two is not so much a sequel, but more of a rethinking of the entire gameplay with a better engine and improved playability.\par
\par
For Digital Paintball Mark Two to succeed in the same form as Digital Paintball, a few key objectives have to be met:\par
\par
* It has to be fun to play\par
* It has to be relatively easy to play, yet feature a learning curve\par
* It has to have a variety of markers\par
* It has to have a variety of upgrades for said markers\par
\par
\page\par
\b Single-Player Career Mode\par
\b0\par
\tab You manage a 5 or 7 man team throughout a season of tournament paintballs. You practice, you manage sponsorships, you manage cash, you manage team members, in essence you ARE a team captain. Finish up at the big national tournament at the end of the year - did you come out on top or were you at the bottom of the pack?\par
\par
\b Single-Player Recreational Mode\par
\par
\b0\tab Your heart is pounding. You're in the middle of the woods with a tippmann m98 and a 21" taso barrel. As you crawl forward, trying to get a better sight on your target, your ghilie suit keeps your body hidden. You see movement, you swing the barrel to point at your target. One shot. One splat. All the fun of recball with Digital Paintball Mark Two.\par
\par
\b Multiplayer Walk-on Mode\par
\b0\par
\tab It's Saturday, and you're tired from a hard week of working. You pick up your gear, and head to the local paintball field. You meet up with a team of what amounts to strangers, and you go up head to head against another group of strangers. Basically just what DPB was.\par
\par
\b Multiplayer Recreational Mode\par
\b0\par
\tab This mode is similar to Walk-on Mode, but with the woods ball equipment and fields.\par
\par
\b Multiplayer Stock Class Mode\b0\par
\par
\tab Similar to multiplayer rec mode, but with stock class markers\par
\par
\b Single-Player Career Mode\par
\par
\b0\tab User should have the option to create a new career, or load a previously saved career. Upon the creation of a new career, user should be prompted for some basic information: His name, the name of his team, his team' s colors etc. Then he is presented with a calendar. It' s apparently January First. He gets to select what day to hold tryouts. At tryouts, user is an observer, watching how the people trying out play. After a few rounds, the tryout is over and the user is presented with a list of the players participating, how they did, and what their supposed strengths and weaknesses are. At this point the player can `draft' four or six of the players (depending on the size of the team, 7 mans are harder to manage). From there the calendar is marked (psudorandomly) with various tournaments, with varying entry fees and stuff. User is presented with a `home' screen. At this home screen, User gets to schedule practice at regular intervals, manage money, etc. Time progresses linearly. User can advance day, until an event is scheduled. At this point the user has the option to show up and play (or practice), or not. User' s team' s skills improve with practice, and tournament play. User can pick up sponsorships at tournaments. The career lasts up until one of three conditions: The user looses all his money, the user gets to the last tournament of the year and fails to place high enough (say, top 3), or the user gets the last tournament of the year and wins. If the player wins at the last tournament of the year, he has won the game. If he was playing a 5 man tourney, he has unlocked 7 man play. If he was playing 7 man, then he has beaten the game. Yay!\par
\par
\b Single-Player Recreational Mode\par
\par
\b0\tab User is presented with the option to select loadout, select field, and then go play. There is no money involved in this, user can use whatever he or she wants. It' s basically botplay in the woods.\par
\par
\b Mutliplayer Walk-on Mode\par
\par
\b0 Self Explanatory - just like DPB.\par
\par
\b Mutliplayer Recreational Mode\par
\par
\b0 Self Explanatory - just like DPB but with recball stuff.\par
\par
\b Player Customization Feature\par
\par
\b0 This is the core of what makes this game fun to play. You can choose your player' s appearance... body type, jersey design and furthermore color, pants, shoes, hair and skin tone, goggles, and gloves. This should be customized outside of any of the single or multi-player modes, in its own separate section. If it is necessitated, this can be done "in-engine" because the vgui2 menu interface supports sending commands to the client dll, we can simply send "playerconfig" or something, and be taken to a map which is a square with soft white light. There should be at least two body types, at least four different jerseys (with at least three color selections each), at least two types of pants, at least three kinds of shoes, at least four kinds of gloves, and at least five types of mask. Skin tone choices should be white/tan/brown. Hair choices should include color and length/style.\par
\par
\b Gun Maintenance Feature\par
\par
\b0 In the career mode of Digital Paintball Mark Two, the player should have to clean their gun as well as having to do routine maintenance. Otherwise, their hard-earned gun will have to go to a tech, costing them some hard-earned cash. Of course, they could try to fix it themselves, but if they break it worse it' ll cost em even more money.\par
\par
\b Single player, addendum\par
\par
\b0 The single player career mode should almost play like an rpg in some senses... ie, both you and your teammates have certain skills that increase with play, and you can get better at such tasks as gunsmithing. Also, if possible, we should get some real life teams (nexus wants in) to feature their likenesses, adding to the enjoyment.\par
\par
\b Trigger Styles *** deprecated\par
\par
\b0 All game modes; the user should be able to choose which style of trigger pull they use, say walking, normal, fanning, etc.\par
\par
\b Motion\par
\par
\b0 The user should be able to toggle (in order) between the following modes of motion and body positioning:\par
\par
full out run (gun and head down, running full speed, unable to fire)\par
walking (head up, gun tucked in, sighting down barrel, somewhat accurate)\par
body fully erect (standing up)\par
body somewhat bent (keeping low)\par
kneeling\par
prone\par
\par
The user should be able to go between the body positions and running modes. The default motion should be to walk, and running should be not toggled, but a modifier. Also, a player should not be able to dash forever. The player should also be able to dive, with the body ending up in a prone position.\par
\par
\b Configuration\par
\b0\par
Depending on the amount of customization allowed, the following should be configurable in the MAIN MENU, NOT ingame: Player configuration, marker configuration, location preferences. Of course, the player will be able to switch between his saved marker configurations in a server, but he should NOT be able to dynamically reconfigure them. This goes against how real paintball is played - you decide what you' re bringing to the field before you go, not when you' re already there.\par
\par
\b Upgrades\par
\par
\b0 The gun upgrades for Digital Paintball mark two should not be as linear and equal as in Digital Paintball. Perhaps there should be a few types of `base' markers, ie low end semi, cocker, electro and have different markers fit into these categories, with the markers themselves being `upgrades' to the marker before it. There should still be interchangeable parts, but this will greatly improve the variety of markers being used on the field.\par
\par
\b Server modes\par
\par
\b0 Servers should be able to run in any of the three multiplayer game modes exclusively, where it would have to be restarted to " switch" to a different game mode.\par
\par
\b Maps\par
\par
\b0 All mappers are required to submit rmf files.\par
\par
\b Player Skins\par
\par
\b0 In Digital Paintball Mark Two, there should be a variety of different player "skins", to the point where no two players in a 32 person game should have to look alike. This would mean:\par
\par
* Five or more different Jerseys\par
* Two or more different Masks\par
* Three or more different types of Pants\par
* Three or more different body builds\par
\par
5*2*3*3 = 90\par
\par
The player should be able to select his setup before he joins the game, and tweak it during the game, possibly saving multiple configurations.\par
\par
\b Paint\par
\par
\b0 In Digital Paintball Mart Two, paint selection should make a difference. The user should have the option of using:\par
\par
* Cheap, low end field paint\par
* Medium grade paint\par
* High end paint\par
\par
The difference in paint choice should affect things such as accuracy and how often balls break. Yes, ball breaks.\par
\par
\b Playing Modes\par
\par
\b0 Digital Paintball Mark Two should feature a variety of playing modes, to include but not be limited to:\par
\par
* Elimination\par
* Capture and Reverse Capture and Center Capture the flag\par
* Attack / Defend (rec)\par
* King of the Hill (rec)\par
* Objective based maps (domination) (rec)\par
\par
\b Polygon Limits\par
\par
\b0 As published in the Valve ERC HL2 FAQ, the polygon limits are 8000 for player models (with static LOD), and 2000 for view models.\par
\par
View model Poly breakdown:\par
~1500 actual gun\par
~175 hopper\par
~225 arms\par
~100 buffer polygons, for things like pods and paintballs which aren' t always on screen\par
\par
\b Tanks\par
\par
\b0 Are not generally shown, but should be modeled. We need a 20oz co2 tank, a 68/3k steel tank, a 68/3k fiber tank, a 68/45 fiber tank, and a 68/45 with adjustable reg\par
\par
\b Spawns\par
\par
\b0 The player should be able to pick what general region of the start box he wants to be in, for instance. Left, right, forward, back, center. Etc.\par
\par
\b Spawns, Cont.\par
\par
\b0 The player should be forcibly facing away from the center of the map and cannot move until the whistle or the count is up\par
\par
\page\par
}
 