{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040604050505020304}Century Schoolbook;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f397\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Century Schoolbook CE;}{\f398\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Century Schoolbook Cyr;}{\f400\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Century Schoolbook Greek;}
{\f401\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Century Schoolbook Tur;}{\f404\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Century Schoolbook Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid9778287 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9778287\rsid15545402}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Digital Paintball is a well recognized and highly acclaimed product with a history of targeted, high media exposure}{\author Jeff Katz}{\operator Jeff Katz}{\creatim\yr2005\mo12\dy3\hr16}
{\revtim\yr2005\mo12\dy3\hr16}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords615}{\nofchars3511}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws4118}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale90\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9778287\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid9778287\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs32\insrsid15545402 Jeff Katz}{\f36\fs32\insrsid9778287 
\par }{\f36\fs32\insrsid15545402 Digital Paintball}{\f36\fs32\insrsid9778287 
\par }{\f36\fs32\insrsid15545402 November 20, 2005}{\f36\fs32\insrsid9778287 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\insrsid15545402 Recipient, }{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 In a response to your interest in this project, I have prepared this correspondence in order to outline the complete scope of work we\rquote re requesting, including objectives, procedures, responsibilities, and estimated compensat
ion. }{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\fs28\insrsid15545402 OVERVIEW}{\f36\fs28\insrsid9778287 
\par }{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 Digital Paintball is a well recognized and highly acclaimed product with a history of targeted, high media exposure. Our intent is to develop an ongoing representation of the paintball industry from the player\rquote 
s perspective as a retail followup to the previous not-for-profit attempt, utilizing the steam/source engine to provide a vehicle for delivery and gameplay. }{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 We intend to generate a codebase
 which is either formed from the half-life two multiplayer code, or if possible, the Day of Defeat base. However, both of these bases would need to be expanded to accomplish the following tasks: The code should allow for the simulation of multiple project
iles (paintballs, paint grenades,) and sprites (snow, rain) which have realistic forces (gravity, wind, centripetal) acting upon them. The source engine utilizes havoc for basic physics and collision, but we believe it would be too slow\\
inefficient for use with the quantity of projectiles and the quality of the physical simulation required. It would add support for various types of round-based gameplay
 including capture the flag, elimination, king-of-the-hill, and objective-based events. The engine already provides the idea of \lquote rounds\rquote  and \lquote scoring\rquote .}{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 The design for the user interface would need to be implemented as well, using the source engine VGUI API. Customization of features such as apparel and somatotype by players would be accomplished through these i
n game menus, as well as gun and team selection, other variables and so forth. The code should also allow for realistic reactions to the projectiles, be it splintering wood or other cover, and the pillowing and movement of vinyl air bunkers. In addition, 
new positions and mobility should be extended to players in the form of proning, leaning, sprinting and diving. }{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 The simulated mechanical failure and repair of guns, as well as the simulated effect of different gas sources (co2, compressed air) on said gun
s is also desired. In game voice communication should be augmented by hand signals and standardized voice commands. }{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 The steam/source engine already provides a great deal of functionality. Steam is an excellent method for distribution, and the source engi
ne ships with almost all of the tools required to make content. There is support for the source engine model format within most major modeling systems, and complex BSP terrains can be generated by the valve hammer tool. Given the engine and tools already 
p
rovide a high baseline of operability; we expect the breakdown of work to occur in two phases: The initial phase will involve a high level of parallelism, with the various aspects of the development team working on their material almost in isolation from 
the other members of the team, and the final phase in which all the content is combined to form a finished product, involving the entire team working cooperatively.}{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 Given the media exposure and manufacturer backing, we fully expect this product to become a
 large commercial success. Other, similar games which arrived on the retail market only after we paved the way with our free-to-play game have enjoyed moderate success. We feel that if our ideas were to be fitted with the appropriate technology that marke
t forces and manufactures would pressure the creation of a fully retail product that would have the potential of capturing this niche.}{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\fs28\insrsid15545402 STATUS}{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 Development is currently winding down on the Half-life-based modification. The development team is reorganizing i
tself in order to better approach the problems posed by the transition of intellectual property from the half-life mod to the upcoming source game.}{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid15545402 As of yet, no significant code base has been established, although the public SDK has been studied. The 2d and 3d media team members have started work on what can be done at this stage of development. }{\f36\insrsid9778287 
\par 
\par }}